# working group meeting on 2021-05-25

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Tom Stellard
* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Azhar

## Next steps on Mailing list migration [#47](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/47)

* path forward unclear
  * Maybe ask for a proposal for Mailman3?
  * Maybe run a survey?
  * Maybe ask the community to do more investigations on Mailman3?
* Goal: Share the work load with the community, not only the board members.
* [#53](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/53): ask for community support 
  to work on discourse user guide.

# 3rd party integrations for github [#40](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/40)

* probably want to keep the CI feedback
* proposal: remove all unless someone from the community gives a good reason to keep it

## TODOs

* Christian to send out new Zoom link and updated calendar invite.
