# working group meeting on 2021-03-09

## Agenda

[tagged issues on github](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%223rd+meeting%22):

* Check if we want to make the iwg@llvm.org mailing list a mailman group #32
* Migrate existing document to new repo #34
  * reviewing open pull requests
* Document which sub-projects are using Phabricator and PullRequests migrate #35
* Document how to find owners of BuildBots migrate #37
  * draft waiting for review
* scan through list of BuildBot workers, check if owner information is available migrate #38
* schedule 3rd meeting + find permanent time slot #39
* Define scope of the working group migrate #41

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Cameron McInally
* Mikhail Goncharov
* Azhar
* Mishal
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Philip Reames
* Anja Gerbes
* qzhong

## Minutes

### Check if we want to make the iwg@llvm.org mailing list a mailman group #32

* mailman has massive amounts of subscription spam, trying to subscript lots
  of email addresses
  * subscription disabled at the moment
  * short and long-term solution being investigates
  * upgrade to newer version supporting captcha
* long term solution is probably to move away from mailman
* decision for our working group: Stay with Google Groups, revisit when general
  mailman issues are resolved
* probably our working group should get involved into mailman topic
  * no push-button solution in sight
  * mailman 2->3 migration effort is unclear at the moment
    * upgrading might change the archive links, so links to these emails would
      become invalid
  * currently running 2.1.16
  * there is a [dockerized version of mailman 3](https://github.com/maxking/docker-mailman)
    available
  * options:
    * outsource running mailman, will create some costs
      * [some hosting providers](https://wiki.list.org/COM/Mailman%20hosting%20services)
    * move to some other medium with mailing list-like functionality, e.g.
      Discourse
      * still needs some investigations if that is the right solution
        * opportunity for our working group to get involved
  * constraints: preserve the mail archives, maintain the links
* proposal:
  * short term:
    * pay someone to solve the problem and host the solution
    * to investigate this next week: Mishal, Philip, Anton
      * goal: identify 1-2 reasonable companies, contact them, understand if
        they can solve our problems, understand pricing for our use case,
        understand if this is a feasible solution
      * issue [#5](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/5)
  * long term:
    * investigate alternative solution and help community come to a
      decision
    * task for our working group
    * [issue #6](ttps://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/6), to be discussed in
      next meeting

### Migrate existing document to new repo #34

* new GitHub repo: [llvm/llvm-iwg](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/)
* Open tasks: reviewing open pull requests and migrating issue

### Document which sub-projects are using Phabricator and PullRequests migrate #35

--> move to work queue

### Document how to find owners of BuildBots migrate #37

* draft waiting for review https://reviews.llvm.org/D97389
* --> AI: add screenshot

### scan through list of BuildBot workers, check if owner information is available migrate #38

* AI move to work queue
* proposal: add policy to provide admin information when providing new worker,
  define admin information in the worker config file in the llvm-zorg
  repository.

### Schedule 3rd meeting + find permanent time slot #39

* finding a permanent slot: Christian will send out another Doodle
* decision on video conferencing tool:
  * reuse previous Philip's Zoom invitations, it's a "recurring" meeting
  * as long as there is no abuse, we can use this meeting room at any time to
    discuss open topics

### Define scope of the working group #41

--> deferred to next week after Zoom call got dropped

### Give overview on current situation and roadmap during virtual EuroLLVM dev meeting (in April 2021) #7

--> discuss next meeting
