# working group meeting on 2021-08-03

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian Kühnel
* Tom Stellard
* Mishal Shah
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Anja Gerbes

## Cleanup of the backlog

* Christian removed a couple of "organizational" topics form the Kanban board
  nobody was working on to de-clutter the board.

## Mailman to Discourse migration #47

* see comments in https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/47

## proposal on IWG priorities #52

* updated based on feedback from Tanya around health and growth of the
  community.
* Christian will send out an email for review.

## Update on Bugzilla migration

* Anton is in contact with GitHub support to discuss migration.
* GitHub has an internal tool to migrate issues from GitLab to GitHub instances.  
  * We can migrate the issues to an intermediate GitLab instance and then
    transfer that to the GitHub server. This way the migration can be
    tested/reviewed before going live.
  * A private GitLab instance is up and running and some demo tasks were
    imported.
  * Anton will create a plan forward and the ask for help from the IWG as
    needed.

## Usage of GitHub Actions in LLVM

* GitHub Actions are already in use on the release branch. Using the free (and
  slow) runners provided by GitHub. Build times are around 4 hours at the
  moment which is OK for the low-traffic release branch.
* Would be a candidate to replace some of the post-merge testing.
* For a main-branch applications, we would need to invest in additional machines
  for better performance (either from GitHub or some cloud provider).
* Created a new ticket for getting better runners
  [#64](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/64)
* Could be used for a lot of other workflow automation as well, beyond builds.
* To avoid additional fragmentation: Use the GitHub commit status to collect CI
  results across all systems.
* Mishal would be interested in migrating off Jenkins to something
  future-proof, e.g. GitHub Actions.  
  * Feedback from the meeting: Go ahead and prototype this, probably in a fork.
* GitHub Actions does not support all the different OSes and hardware
  architectures we have today:
  https://docs.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/about-self-hosted-runners
  * option: use Buildbot only for architectures not supported by GitHub Actions.
* Open question: How are committers notified on broken builds in GitHub Actions?
* Open question: Does GitHub Actions have a different security attack surface
  than our current Buildbot infrastructure?
