# working group meeting on 2021-03-3ß

## Participants

* Christian Kühnel
* Zhiqian Xia
* anja gerbes
* Azhar
* Tom Stellard
* Wei Wu - PLCT Lab
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Philip
* mishal_shah
* Mike Edwards

## Hiring for infrastructure role #27

* tasks/goals for this role:
  * System Admin type of work, keep infrastructure up and running
  * Have SLAs to respond to issues, e.g. 24/7
  * Help community set up infrastructure, perform migrations, ...
* Contract work, hiring a company
  * company is probably more flexible, foundation is not hiring individuals (at
    the moment)
  * probably we want a group of professionals able to guarantee SLAs
  * Can we hire non-USA / non-California? Yes, company needs to have experience
    with contracts in the US though.
  * for any contracts: we need to go through an official RFP process across
    multiple companies.
  * initial work items:
    * keep websites up and running
* Option: Extend Access Softek contract to cover this?
  * In any case, we should contact them first.
* Hours per week: maybe start with part time and ramp up as needed
* work split:
  * IWG to create the RFPs for the work
  * sysadmin/company to do the work
* required skills:
  * IWG to prioritize the list of services to be taken over
  * system administration
  * Amazon AWS
  * customizing off-the-shelf services (e.g. Phabricator)
  * fix the source code in case of outages/upgrades
* Tom to create a draft, Philip, Christian to help
  * start with problem description
  * maybe ruse the [infrastructuresurvey](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/blob/main/infrastructure_survey.md)
    we collected.

## Set up a permanent Zoom videoconference for our meetings #12

Christian received new Zoom conference from Tanya, will send out the details
with the meeting minutes.

## Epic: improve infrastructure documentation #14

* Issue is a collection of open/ongoing documentation work.
* Please self-assign the tasks you're (planning to be) working on.

## Mailman to Discourse migration

* related to issue [#6](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/6)
* The LLVM Foundation is investigating a potential migration from mailman to
  discourse
* The mailing list archive would be migrated by [discourse.org](https://www.discourse.org/)}
  (the company behind the tool)
* The Foundation would like the IWG to manage the migration and investigate
  how to migrate the related workflows.
* we need to understand the workflows on the mailing list and figure out
  how that could be migrated
* use cases we're aware of
  * discussions of community members
  * interaction via email
  * integrations with all the tools sending to the mailing list
* This would be a **major** effort and require significant time investment from
  the working group members. For this we need explicit buy-in from enough
  members so we can actually manage the work load. Christian will open the
  discussion on the mailing list.
