# working group meeting on 2021-05-25

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* ZhiqianXia
* DeclanHuang
* Mike Edwards
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Tom Stellard
* Mishal Shah
* Azhar Mohammed

## Epic: improve infrastructure documentation #14

* No significant work has been completed since the last meeting.

## Decision 1: Working on a Mailman to Discourse migration #37

* Waiting for Board to get community feedback letter posted to the lists.
* Will wait for some community feedback to see which direction to take
  the project.
* Christian and Mike will work on migration research and planning once
  we better understand what the community would like to do.

## Decision 2: MacOS hardware for libc++ pre-merge testing #39

* Mike was unable to get to the document since the last meeting,
  will try to get it updated and sent to the Board within the next
  two weeks.

## Add Infrastructure Admin description #41

* Tom will review recent set of review comments and will merge changes.
* Once document is merged to main, Tom & Mike will work to publish the
  document publicly to solicit feedback from potential vendors.

## other

* Mishal asked about migrating to GitHub Issues - Anton responded:
  Anton has collected permissions from people to migrate users
  from Bugzilla to GitHub.
* Anton working to track down users who have not responded to request
  for permission.
* Anton has test tooling to make the migration, is now working on
  setting up a test migration to test a few thousand records.
  * Will use the test data to check how the test data migrates over (like attachments).
* Anton to contact GitHub support to set date for the actual migration
  and will publish the roadmap for the migration.

* Due to conflicts the next meeting of the IWG will be held on 2021-06-22.
  The meeting of 2021-06-08 has been canceled.
