# working group meeting on 2021-09-28

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Anja Gerbes
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Mishal Shah
* Mehdi Amini
* Tom Stellard


## Document which sub-projects are using Phabricator and PullRequests [#21](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/21)

No feedback yet on https://reviews.llvm.org/D109810

Please take a look.

## draft of RFCs on static analysis [#69](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/69)

Christian created a proposal on the usage of static analysis within
LLVM and wouldlike to get some feedback.

see [#69](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/69)

## Running RFP for a sys-admin contractor [#27](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/27)

see issue [#27](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/27)

## Getting community input for future code review tooling 

* New topic
* Created new issue [#70](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/70) and added results of discussion there.
