# working group meeting on 2021-03-3ß

## Participants

* Christian Kühnel
* qzhong
* Anja Gerbes
* Wei Wu
* Tom Stellard
* Philip Reames

## Minutes

### Improving this meeting

* Proposal from the feedback was to use "raise hand" feature.
* We need to get the right type of Zoom meeting so that everyone can see the
  raised hands though --> [#12](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/12)

### migrating issues

* No objections to migrating all issues
  [labeled with "migrate"](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Amigrate)
  to the new Github project
* Christian will do so.

### Mailman - investigate short term solutions #5

* Christian to reach out and get a status update

### Mailman - investigate long term solutions #6

* topic is probably to big for the amount of time we have.
* postpone indefinitely

### Define scope of the working group ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace#41

* Rather than discussing the scope, we want to focus on first topic to work on.
* We will come back to this question eventually.
* Next topic will be: Improving documentation of infrastructure
  * We want to make small changes to update to current state.
    * example: [#13](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/13)
  * To find out where the information is missing we should ask the community
    * important: we only want to look  infrastructure related topics.
    * Anja and Philipp will look into the topic.
  * Epic to collect these types of work: [#14](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/14)
  * if anyone finds any outdated information: raise issue on GitHub

### Give overview on current situation and roadmap during virtual EuroLLVM dev meeting ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace#7

* too early for this at the moment

### Other topics

* get zoom meeting from LLVM foundation [#12](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/12)
* set up Kanban board [#15](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/15)
