# working group meeting on 2021-10-12

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Kamau Bridgeman
* Tom Stellard
* Anja Gerbes
* Mikhail Goncharov
* Anton Korobeynikov

## Cleanup of the backlog

* Christian cleaned up the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)
  and removed a couple of issues without progress. No need to discuss them if there
  when there is no progress.
* Feel free to add these issues to the board when picking them up again.

## A Request for Comment on Code Review Process #73

* Board decison: RFC open until Nov 4th, then the IWG should summarize the results until Nov 18th.
* Who will evaluate the summary?
  * @tstellar,@kamaub, @joker-eph
* How to summarize?
  * Split up comments into 1 sentence parts and summarize these.
  * identify common comments and aggregate the data.
  * Maybe use [open coding](http://pages.cpsc.ucalgary.ca/~saul/wiki/uploads/CPSC681/open-coding.pdf)
* On the missing notification features:
  * Not a show stopper for a potential migration, as we could work around this by using
    teams+labels or writing our own bots.

## Update on bugzilla migration

see https://lists.llvm.org/pipermail/llvm-dev/2021-October/153240.html
