# working group meeting on 2021-05-11

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* ZhiqianXia
* Mikhail Goncharov
* DeclanHuang
* qzhong
* Mike Edwards
* Philip
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Tanya Lattner

## Epic: improve infrastructure documentation #14

## Decision 1: Working on a Mailman to Discourse migration #37

* The LLVM board will take the decision on the migration itself. The working
  group should figure out the best way perform the migration.
* Philip has serious concerns in the migration itself and the way it is decided.
* Christian will contact Philip to understand his concerns around Discourse.
* We had a general discussion on how LLVM as a community decides such things.
  * Is Discourse really the right decision?
  * Why not keep the mailing list?
  * Who shall take such decisions?
* For future decisions: The IWG should be involved in the decision process and
  understand the rationale, not just execute something someone else decided.
* At the moment no objections to forming the sub-group.
* We will leave this open for a couple of days to give people a chance to review
  and respond.

## Decision 2: MacOS hardware for libc++ pre-merge testing #39

* It's good to get something moving, it's unclear if this is the most important
  topic.
* Add to the proposal document:
  * This is an experiment where the LLVM foundation spends budget for a CI
    system.
  * We need to measure the impact/benefits for the community to understand if
    this effort was successful.
* We do not have an assigned budget at the moment. This will probably change
  for 2022. This project will be less than 5% of the annual infrastructure
  budget.
* The proposal should be a public document and ends up in the board's meeting
  minutes. However we need to find a way to keep the pricing information
  confidential.
  * For future RFPs: Tell bidders their pricing information will be released
    publicly after 30 days.
* Do not wait for the board meeting and take the decision via email.
* Mike will update the document, wait a day for feedback and then send to the
  board.

## Add Infrastructure Admin description #41

See comment in issue.

## other

* Christian is OOO during the next meeting 2021-05-11. Mike will host the next
  meeting.
