# working group meeting on 2022-08-02

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian Kühnel
* Mishal Shah
* Luke Nihlen
* Mikhail Goncharov 
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Mehdi Amini
 

## board's decision on moving to PullRequests

* [discussion on Discourse](https://discourse.llvm.org/t/code-review-process-update/63964)
  * The decision has been made by the board, timeline was set.
  * There weren't really good alternatives proposed.
* opportunity to consider other infrastructure changes (e.g. pre-submit checks)
* [recommeded action items](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/blob/main/rfc_code_review/comment_summary.md#github-pull-request-recommended-action-items)
  * IWG needs to decide how they want to get involved there (participate, contribute, lead, ...).
    * Luke, Mishal and Mikhail are interested in participating.
  * Responsibilities of the working group would be:
    * Initially: Address the "recommeded action items" (link above).
    * Identify further topics with the community.
  * There are already some issues for this on llvm-project:
    * https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/56643
    * https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/56639
    * https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/56641
    * https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/56673
    * https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/56674
    * TODO: link to these issues from "GitHub Pull Request Recommended Action Items" 
* What can we learn from other projects (e.g. Swift and Rust)?

## Migration from Google-mainttained services to the foundation owned Cloud project

* Organize operations
  * Split into separate cloud accounts. Current project is also used by Summer of Code interns.
  * Open questions: How do we organize this? How do we separate the services in GCP? Separate projects? 
    How do we manage the budget/credits/quota/limits for these services?
    * Mikhail will investigate how this can be done.
    * Maybe use limit on auto-scaling of machines.
    * Maybe start with services that have a static load profile.
    
* How to get accounts?
* How to document owners of services?
* Hiring a conractor for the migration/maintenance work?
* Do we want to migrate Phabriactor in the light of the PullRequest migration?
 * context: Migrate phabricator to foundation owned infrastructure #110
 * Migration would require significant work: VM, database, backups, ... 
 * Time is better invested in working on PullRequests than migrating a service that will be shut down.
 * There is a risk that the timeline might slip and we would need to run Phabricator for longer.
 * Right now: no reason to migrate Phabricator, revist when there is new evidence.
* For LNT: 
  * Access Softek would be interested in maintaining it.
  * @christiankuhnel has access to the current Google Cloud project, please contact him for a handover.

## other topics

* Donations of resources to the LLVM foundation
  * Fastly, Access Softek and Google are donating resources for the LLVM project to use
  * Shortage is not on cloud resources, but on engineering time.
* No updates on hiring a contractor for the infrastructure work.
  * Maybe have companies (Google, Apple, ...) coordinate and hire contractor(s) and have them do the work if the board can't hire someone.
