# working group meeting on 2022-01-18

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Anja Gerbes
* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Tom Stellard
* Mikhail Goncharov

## Discuss results of round table of LLVM dev meeting [#89](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/89)

please review notes offline and add a comment on the issue if you have any insights or want to take any action based on the discussion

## Hiring for infrastructure role [#27](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/27)

* Christian just attached the latest draft documents for the RFP
* Otherwise no progress

## Add summary of comments from Issue [#73](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/73)

@tstellar will merge this after the meeting

## publishing biweekly status reports [#84](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/84)

see issue

## Migrating pre-merge testing to foundation owned infrastructure [#87](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/87)

see issue

## Mailman to Discourse migration [#47](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/47)

see issue

## New project "BOLT" joining the Monorepo [#80](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/80)

see issue

## other topics

We removed a couple of stale issues from the backlog. Feel free to add them to the backlog once someone picks them up again.
