# working group meeting on 2021-12-07

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Anja Gerbes
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Christian Kühnel
* Kamau Bridgeman
* Reid Kleckner
* Tom Stellard

## Changing the time for this meeting

* Original question: Can we have this meeting later in the PST timezone?
  * Current time slot is hard for folks from ASIA and PST time zones.
  * General issue: people joining from Asian, Europe, America, no overlap in working hours
  * Created [a new issue](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/92) for the discussion. 
  * Share the issue link via IWG mailing list and the Discourse group.
* Maybe have multiple sessions in different time zones?
  * How to keep the group connected then?
* Maybe offer office hours get community input and listen to their concerns?
  * Created a [new issue](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/93) to discuss this.

## Discourse migration

* Very unfortunate outcome and difficult situation with the community.
* Should we run a retrospective on the overall process?
* IWG's current concerns with the Discourse migration:
  * Do we have permissions to migrate the user data between tools and providers?
  * What is the long-term roadmap for the mailing lists and the archive?
    * Do we want to create static snapshot of the http server?
    * How to handle GDPR deletion requests?
    * How to handle incoming links from code comments or commits? How long do we want to preserve these?
    * Created [a new issue](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/94) to discuss this.
* Do we want to have a role of community moderator to help with the communication within the community and between community and foundation/board? Goals for that role: 
  * Ensure communication in the community works well, identify communication problems and help resolve them
  * Reduce communication work load for the folks running a project (e.g. bugtracker migration, Discourse migration)
  * Help draft/review communication to ensure it actually reaches the audience and addresses their concerns.
    
