# working group meeting on 2022-02-15

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Reid Kleckner
* Tom Stellard
* Mikhail Goncharov
* Kamau Bridgeman
* Anton Korobeynikov

## New project "BOLT" joining the Monorepo [#80](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/80)

see issue comments

## What is our relationship with GitHub?

* follow up on the discussion from
 [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/636084430946959380/642340762620657675)
 and [Discourse](https://discourse.llvm.org/t/migrated-bugzilla-content-and-header-names-angle-brackets/60089/)
* We can ask for features, but it's very uncertain if they will implement it.
* Roadmap is public, but it's hard to influence it.
* Maybe keep a global LLVM feature wish list as part of the IWG repo.

## Discourse migration

* What was the involvement of the IWG in the migration?
  * very little involvement
  * mostly driven by the board
  * however perceived by the community that the IWG was involved
* Do we want more involvement in such decision/migrations?
  * Yes!
  * tl;dr "Why have a working group if it's not involved?"
  * Help with project management and communication, especially handling negative, unhelpful feedback.
    * maybe split communication into a separate role as part of such a project
* Hiring a contractor would help a lot making progress on such efforts.

## Hiring for infrastructure role [#27](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/27)

see issue comments

## Migrating pre-merge testing to foundation owned infrastructure [#87](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/87)

see issue comments

## Discuss results of round table of LLVM dev meeting [#89](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/89)

* Summary of the known issues of LLVM infrastructure
* Discuss offline on the issue

## Changing time slot for the IWG meeting? [#92](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/92)

see issue comments

## Do we want to have IWG office hours? [#93](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/93)

see issue comments

## Define long-term roadmap for mailing list archive [#94](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/94)

see issue comments

## User data policy for Phabricator. [#96](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/96)

see issue comments

## other topics

* Maybe try the new 
  [Github Beta project dashboard](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/trying-out-the-new-projects-experience).
