# working group meeting on 2021-05-11

The agenda is in the [Kanban board](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

## Participants

* Christian Kühnel
* ZhiqianXia
* Mikhail Goncharov
* DeclanHuang
* qzhong
* Mike Edwards
* Philip
* Anton Korobeynikov

## Epic: improve infrastructure documentation #14

## Hiring for infrastructure role #27

## Decision 1: Working on a Mailman to Discourse migration #37

* The LLVM board will take the decision on the migration itself. The working group should 
  figure out the best way perform the migration.
* Philip has serious concerns in the migration itself.
* We had a general discussion on how LLVM as a community decides such things.
  * Is Discourse really the right decision? Why not keep the mailing list.
* For future decisions: The IWG should be involved in the decision process and understand
  the rationale, not just execute something someone else decided. 

## Decision 2: MacOS hardware for libc++ pre-merge testing #39

* It's good to get something moving, it's unclear if this is the most important topic.
* Add to the proposal document:
  * This is an experiment where the LLVM foundation spends budget for a CI system.
  * We need to measure the impact/benefits for the community to understand if this effort was successful.
* We do not have an assigned budget at the moment. This will probably change for 2022.
* The proposal should be a public document and ends up in the board's meeting minutes.
* Do not wait for the board meeting and take the decision via email.
* For future RFPs: Tell bidders their pricing information will be released publicly after 30 days.
* Mike will update the document, wait a day for feedback and then send to the board.

## Proposal for initial decision process #38

See comment in issue.

## other
* Christian is OOO during the next meeting 2021-05-11. Mike will host the next meeting. 
